update docs at the getting started page to resemble Tim Huff's guidan… (#321)
groundlight/python-sdk: docs/docs/getting-started/getting-started.mdx

# Getting Started

## How to Build a Computer Vision Application with Groundlight's Python SDK

> If you're new to Groundlight, this is a good place to start. Learn how to run your first computer vision application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're new to Groundlight AI, this is a good place to start. This is the equivalent of building a "Hello, world!" application.

Don't code? [Reach out to Groundlight AI](mailto:support@groundlight.ai) so we can build a custom computer vision application for you.
```

Author: done

> If you're new to Groundlight, this is a good place to start. Learn how to run your first computer vision application.

Author: done

Before getting started:

- Make sure you have python installed
- Install VSCode
- Make sure your device has a c compiler. On Mac, this is provided through XCode while in Windows you can use the Microsoft Visual Studio Build Tools

### Environment Setup

Before you get started, you need to make sure you have python installed. Additionally, it’s good practice to set up a dedicated environment for your project. 

You can download python from https://www.python.org/downloads/. Once installed, you should be able to run the following in the command line to create a new environment

    ```bash
    python3 -m venv gl_env
    ```
Once your environment is created, you can activate it with
    ```bash
    source gl_env/bin/activate
    ```
For Linux and Mac or if you’re on Windows you can run
    ```bash
    gl_env\Scripts\activate
    ```
The last step to setting up your python environment is to run
    ```bash
    pip install groundlight
    pip install framegrab
    ```
in order to download Groundlight’s SDK and image capture libraries.

### Authentication

In order to verify your identity while connecting to your custom ML models through our SDK, you’ll need to create an API token.

> 1. Head over to [http://dashboard.groundlight.ai/](http://dashboard.groundlight.ai/) and create or log into your account

Author: done

3. Select API Tokens, then enter a name, like ‘personal-laptop-token’ for your api token.

![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/664b7cc2ac49aeb2da6ef127/66cfb5f8b844596360c5c460_AD_4nXfkHlRPPBcdkFFjjAAYC42LwgXe91qbwDfwFs3V8lGFXhSoSFpjUBXo7RX0vyZVYUurzEIp3kFL9H8pghpLD8omBqLGswHQJUMxGo8dBDh--e8wj4LQZcwywrt0hotsz9DoBZb5owokq2YeJlPI4_trG-nJ.png)

4. Copy the API Token for use in your code

IMPORTANT: Keep your API token secure! Anyone who has access to it can impersonate you and will have access to your Groundlight data

    ```bash
    $env:GROUNDLIGHT_API_TOKEN="YOUR_API_TOKEN_HERE"
    ```
Or on Mac
    ```bash
    export GROUNDLIGHT_API_TOKEN="YOUR_API_TOKEN_HERE"
    ```

### Writing the code

For our first demo, we’ll build a detector that checks if a trashcan is overflowing. You can copy the following code into a file inside your VSCode or check out the [github page](https://github.com/groundlight/video_tutorials/tree/main/sdk_intro).

> You can start using Groundlight with a USB camera attached to your computer in just 15 lines of Python!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For your first and simple application you can build a binary detector, which is computer vision model where the answer will either be 'Yes' or 'No'. Groundlight AI will confirm if the thumb is facing up or down ("Is the thumb facing up?").

You can start using Groundlight using just your laptop camera, but you can also use a USB camera if you have one.```

Author: done

> You can start using Groundlight with a USB camera attached to your computer in just 15 lines of Python!

Author: done

                last_capture_time = now

                print(f'Asking question: {detector_query}')
                image_query = gl.submit_image_query(detector, frame)
                print(f'The answer is {image_query.result.label.value}')

    grabber.release()
    cv2.destroyAllWindows()
    ```
    This code will take an image from your connected camera every minute and ask Groundlight a question in natural language, before printing out the answer.

### Using your computer vision application

Just like that, you have a complete computer vision application. You can change the code and configure a detector for your specific use case. Also, you can monitor and improve the performance of your detector at [http://dashboard.groundlight.ai/](http://dashboard.groundlight.ai/). Groundlight’s human-in-the-loop technology will monitor your image feed for unexpected changes and anomalies, and by verifying answers returned by Groundlight you can improve the process. At app.groundlight.ai, you can also set up text and email notifications, so you can be alerted when something of interest happens in your video stream.

### If You're Looking for More:

> Want to deploy your Groundlight application on a dedicated device? See our guide on [how to use Groundlight with a Raspberry Pi](https://www.groundlight.ai/guides/raspberry-pi-tutorial).
> 
> Check out [the docs](https://code.groundlight.ai/python-sdk/) to learn how to further customize your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've built your first application, learn how to [write queries](https://code.groundlight.ai/python-sdk/docs/getting-started/writing-queries).

Want to play around with sample applications built by Groundlight AI? Visit [Guides](https://www.groundlight.ai/guides) to build example applications, from detecting birds outside of your window to running Groundlight AI on a Raspberry Pi.
```

Author: done

> Check out [the docs](https://code.groundlight.ai/python-sdk/) to learn how to further customize your app.

Author: done
